yea in this video we will learn about default argument and so for explaining that I have taken two functions
here both these function names are ADD but two integers and three integers.
So yes they are over loaded function with same name and different number of arguments
what they are doing.
They are adding numbers, this is adding two numbers this is adding three numbers.
So let me write main function. main I'm not writing void in everything so just I will say integer
in C assign add 2, 5 so which function it will call, it will call the first function. now C assign
add 2 5 8 which function it will call it will call the second function.
So just the number of parameters are different and here it is  working this little bit different
but I will show you one more thing.
Can't I say this add.
and say 2, 5, 0  which function will be called first but what results it will be giving.
Same as the first function.
Same as this one 2. 5.
because the third argument i made it as zero.
So if I am ready to pass the third argument as zero then I dont need the first function. come to the
point.
Can I combine these two functions and write a single function.
Let us see, int ADD  int X int Y, int Z assigned with zero and return x plus y plus Z.
Now imagine they don't have these functions, then what I have done here I have assign some default value
to this argument with in the argument list only and said that Z is zero.
So if I call ADD same function would be called.
So this two goes into x and 5 goes into Y and Z will become Zero because I'm not passing it.
Second time 2 5 8, 2 5 8, Z will take the value 8.
So this means this argument, this parameter it becomes optional.
If you don't pass it here it will take 0.
If you pass it then it will take that argument.
So Even when I pass this Zero, already  it was only so it will take zero.
and I get the result.
So it means I have  combine these two functions.
You see the one which is taking two arguments, the one which is taking three argument.
So a single function can work as 2 argument  function also.
3 argument function also.
So I have combined these two over loaded function and return one function.
So this is called as default argument.
So assigning some default values to the argument is default argument function and the benefit
of a different argument is you can combine the overloaded function and write one single function so
this is a very powerful feature of C++ and it is friendly for the programmer.
But he can combine various overloaded functions and write them as a single function with the help of
default arguments.
Now one important thing about this one suppose if you have one function, let's say function fun and you
are picking some arguments A B C and D.
And if you want to make a default then you should make default this one or this one you cannot make
this as default  then skip this one make this as mandatory so whatever the default arguments are
you can make this as Default, means  you should start making a Default argument from
right towards left without skipping any. I will show you these things practically.
Let us check it there.